Call me wow
This is so pretty
Please put it on for me.
Does it look good?
Hahahaha
Hey look at that
Hmm hahaha
Does mom look good?
Well I know too
Wow, it's all passed on.
Yeah, you go, too. Yeah
Hahaha
Dear sister, my mother said she would recognize you as her goddaughter
You will be my sister from now on
I can't stand this.
Auntie is the king of national protectors
Auntie, don't do this.
Xiaoya, can you afford it?
Thanks to you for helping my daughter so much, you are a kind child.
I will be your godmother from now on
You are my daughter
That's it, call my sister
Hmm, good sister.
Haha, my sister bought you a super large villa.
Let's go and see
More than twenty years
But thank you too.
Take care of you for the best life
Lord, the state of Chu on the front line has come to disturb our building again. There are countless strong people
The reserve powerhouses have also risen up and hit them
Let's do it!
Don't you need to come this time?
Ok you go
Half of my cultivation is destroyed
It's useless to go
The margin of size in the future depends on you, I will spend the rest of my life
It's a smooth work in a previous life
laugh
Sorry.
Thank you for forgiving.
The rest of my life
Only with you